you go good job good job
nothing deep enough cause it's cover to
where you can straight it's cover to
thank you what so get get back by yard
you just feel you did not speak run it
again
you did not go when you speak you try to
get half up
don't get on stinger you want a head and
hands but wanna make sure you keep the
inside on free you come on up okay keep
the outside on free
got all my rocks at all that's the one
you messed up it was right but listen
always no no don't go away
you gotta talk about somebody they
represent I'm sorry in your mouth let me
pass
keep your eyes on your work right from
the line for you playing your second
birthday soon
you might acquire there and then before
where you slap over why there's a train
coming dear so if that guy kind of why
shucks of course you thought he's gonna
be alone no coach
I wouldn't got this guy - okay
sure this and I know his kid
we're big flat balls come out of nose
coach I want to play a family drama
what's your name then
being the guidance counselor big man she
was a rattler and somebody else was
arrest everybody was Rattlers without
life accordingly have any extra
scholarships
number three you got to be able to see
you you got accuracy no real right in
front of line let's go okay I know how
do I shoot my mom my mom thank you the
best answer slice Bri I don't know I did
one of the bad day at all well we got to
start on the stand you got to start
recognizing how people gonna tackle how
do one attack me until you guys heard
game you want up front and offensive
line and the defensive line spend time
and you're scalable the other takers
paying series bring it up father
racing on three one two three